Hahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Hahahahaha
I didn't expect this trash
How dare you predict the time of a volcanic eruption?
Predicting volcanic eruptions
Also predicted 10 minutes
Isn't this waiting to be slapped in the face?
Mr. Koizumi is extraordinary
Expose this liar in one fell swoop
It seems to the police that I was really deceived by you before
Teacher, thank you for helping me expose him
What does Qin Feng have to say about doting?
Yes!
The island country volcano has not erupted for hundreds of years
How could it erupt suddenly?
Did Chief Engineer Qin read it wrong?
Did Miss Qin Feng make a wrong prediction?
Yes, Chief Teacher Qin
The island nation's volcanoes have been transformed
It's already an extinct volcano
dean
Blizzard, I have absolute confidence in Xiaoxue
I think you are domineering towards deception
Have absolute confidence
Frog, you were slapped in the face, and you are still stubborn?
Poverty if you could apologize now
So...
France's eligibility to participate in volcanic engineering projects
I can still keep it.
Haha Volcano Engineering
Our country will definitely not participate.
After all, I don't want our Chinese researchers to
died unexpectedly
There are still 8 minutes left
The island's volcano is about to erupt
I advise you
Hurry up and call your relevant department
Tell them to evacuate
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable